README.md, before:

# data_tasks
a repo made for carrying out an exercise provided during an application process for a junior data scientist role

Answers will be stored as such:
1. revenue_summary.csv is produced by task1.py to show requested data.
2. The revenue_summary.csv file shows 2021 has the least revenue by a wide margin. This can be due to several factors, as the units price has increased overtime this can be seen as an impacting factor on the slight increase between years. The main impactor on the revnue difference though is the quantity of units sold with 2021 only having recorded units/ revenue from september through to december rather than the whole year.
3. The regions use the three country codes as shown by the ONS for: Scotland - S92000003, England - E92000001 and Wales - W92000004.
4. E92000001 had the highest revenue this is most likely due to the much larger population size and opportunity for revenue being higher as a result. In general england has a larger economy as well whcih would impact the revenue.
5. After adapting the code from task 1 in the task5.py code which is an adapted version to create a weekly data rather than yearly csv, I used the numbers (apple excel alternative) to plot the data. 
The plotted data allows me to reach a few findings.
In terms of by regions: 
Region E92000001 has as stated prior a clear revenue lead, showing strong growth especially in 2022 and again in mid-2024. 
Region S92000003 had a drop in revenue during 2023, even hitting zero in some weeks. This was not the case in 2024.
W92000004 had no cases worth noting staying stable throughout the recorded data set.
From this I would say it could be worth investigating the 2023 dip in S92000003 and putting more resources into E92000001 due to its upwards trend and revenue lead.
6.

Commit message:

final push due to time restraint

README.md, after:

# data_tasks
a repo made for carrying out an exercise provided during an application process for a junior data scientist role

Answers will be stored as such:
1. revenue_summary.csv is produced by task1.py to show requested data.
2. The revenue_summary.csv file shows 2021 has the least revenue by a wide margin. This can be due to several factors, as the units price has increased overtime this can be seen as an impacting factor on the slight increase between years. The main impactor on the revnue difference though is the quantity of units sold with 2021 only having recorded units/ revenue from september through to december rather than the whole year.
3. The regions use the three country codes as shown by the ONS for: Scotland - S92000003, England - E92000001 and Wales - W92000004.
4. E92000001 had the highest revenue this is most likely due to the much larger population size and opportunity for revenue being higher as a result. In general england has a larger economy as well whcih would impact the revenue.
5. After adapting the code from task 1 in the task5.py code which is an adapted version to create a weekly data rather than yearly csv, I used the numbers (apple excel alternative) to plot the data. 
The plotted data allows me to reach a few findings.
In terms of by regions: 
Region E92000001 has as stated prior a clear revenue lead, showing strong growth especially in 2022 and again in mid-2024. 
Region S92000003 had a drop in revenue during 2023, even hitting zero in some weeks. This was not the case in 2024.
W92000004 had no cases worth noting staying stable throughout the recorded data set.
From this I would say it could be worth investigating the 2023 dip in S92000003 and putting more resources into E92000001 due to its upwards trend and revenue lead.
6. I have produced in task6.py using the atl.json data a table which provides the requested information. As I have no prior experience with parquet data files I have produced a json only file for now as from my research online I'd need to take time to setup the pandas DataFrame to optimally handle the data which my mac hasn't got setup.
7.TV dominates the spend overall, especially in region E92000001 (£2.90), which is significantly higher than the others.
Outdoor advertising is also concentrated in E92000001, but it drops sharply in S92000003 and is nonexistent in W92000004.
W92000004 has the lowest overall spend, with only minor investment in TV and none in outdoor.
8.
